Life has the meaning you give it. there's no predetermined phillosophic meaning of life. there are biological points. like survival. continuing the race etc.

So. the meaning of life is what ever you want it to be.
It's different for everyone. You are the one that decides what you value in life. Everyone values different things. some value prestige others value creating a large family.
Just do what you want without hurting anyone without the expense of your own even better if you can make other lives better.
Death.
The meaning you put into it.
42.
To postpone death in the most gracious way possible..
Who knows.
To love.
There is no meaning.
 Love and be loved equally by a partner.
 Learn as much as possible. from any field of knowledge. Naval engineering. ancient linguistics. anything. No prejudice. Try to grasp the most you can from anything that any human ever thought about.
survive.
Finding it.
Good food. great sex. heavy metal.
The meaning is however life manifest itself. life-force will go forward. You just have to find your place. understand yourself and make the best out of it.
Whatever your doing this very moment...that's it.
42
42. Well that’s the meaning of life. the universe and everything
42
Meaning is a personal journey. it's up to every individual to decide what meaning looks like for themselves. Essentially. the meaning of life is to give life meaning. Trying to find some absolute meaning in life is futile because it doesn't exist but exploring what would make your life more meaningful can bear fruit..
the cereal? or the other one?.
you have no nuts though.
Brilliant absolutely brilliant 
I love this kind of people the open-minded ones who respond with definitive answers giving opinions and respecting others opinions 
My brother or sister in the christ I wish you a good night.
42.
DDDDDDEEEEEEEZZZZZZZ  NNNNNUUUUTTTTTZZZZZZ!!!!!!!!.
I desire to live a life of dicipline. My life goal is to help the future of humanity succeed by becoming a teacher. 



So in short. My idea of the meaning of life is to progress humanity's advancements to prolong humanity's future..
In general?  There is no meaning.  You're born and you then create your own meaning.  Could be different for everyone and will probably change over the years..
For the universe to become aware of itself..
42. It’s always 42.
The universe has sentience and is using mankind to eventually further it’s own consciousness..
Mate and die.
To make kids and keep the cycle going..
A movie by Monty Python.
Lov3.
IMO life has no meaning. it just is.
To see your enemies driven before you and to hear the lamentations of their women



Man this never gets any upvotes and I think it’s because I’m old… damn.
Eat food.
This.  Beat me to it.

Don't forget the babel fish.
This will be higly political of me which I dont do like ever. but here we go. 

Yep keep the cycle going. keep the rich richer while your kids struggle to find fair enployment..
Or your towel..
I'm with you. I never plan on having kids but I still believe that is the only meaning of life. It's too bad capitalism ruined it..
Indeed.
42.

Source: Google.
According to ol' Curly. it's this.
To fuck As much as possible. Rosario Dawson.
a finite amount of time given to cause the most chaos you can.
From an evolutionary stand point: Fucking and eating..
I don't think there is one. Just make the most of it!.
To reproduce and survive. Anything after that is up to you.
it's all just random.
To repost this question every half hour. apparently.
You have fun and enjoy it. although there are times when it is hard to enjoy life it always has a balance to make it up for it.
The secret to life is living itself.
Well. it's nothing very special. Uh. try and be nice to people. Avoid eating fat. Read a good book every now and then. Get some walking in. and try and live together in peace and harmony with people of all creeds and nations.
Username doesn’t check out.
You want me to throw it out there again?.
No. someone else will take care of it guaranteed. If they already haven’t. which they probably have.
To travel and learn as much as I can and hopefully leave the world a slightly better place when I'm gone. If we all do that it'll be a paradise..
42.
School Work Death.
I tell you. we are here on Earth to fart around. and don't let anybody tell you different. Kurt Vonnegut.
Literally. to suffer.
Pretty sure the answer to the meaning of life. the universe and everything is 42.
Don't know but it started with a big bang.
thats deep bro.
best answer yet.
why the big bang and what is the cause of it they say because of a infinite pressure and density and to be honest this is some bull shit it since the Energy is neither created nor destroyed what is the source of thia energy.
No one really actually knows. But something happened and here we are..
bro i tried to understand all of this but the only place i found the answer of this is some religions and all of them are ibrahimc but none of those explanations can be touched u know what i mean there's no true answer im afraid that all of this have a obvious meaning but we are ignoring it without knowing.
Yeah. but I don't see what's the reason for looking for it. What would we really gain from it?.
finding  the reason of life and why we are here and why we are the only creatures that can think and create on earth based on the evolution theory we evolved from monkeys then why there's monkeys till now
why there's no creatures have the same power that we have or even less but not like animals. bro sometimes i say mabye there's a god.
42..
to live and not simply exist.
The meaning is just to be alive. It's whatever you make it.

It's an amazing. kind. and cruel world. You get to watch this thing unfold and participate in any way you choose..
To love and be loved.
Live and die.
To survive and to create meaning of course.
Live is the meaning in on itself.
I truly believe life is meaningless. but that doesn't mean you can't make your own personal meaning..
Help your fellow humans. LOVE and take care of your family. Oh and don't forget adventures..
To question the nature of every chain you're bound to..
Life is a sexual transmitted chronic disease..
There isn't one and it's really presumptuous that people believe there is..
To crush your enemies. see them driven before you. and to hear the lamentation of their women.

Oh wait. did you say meaning.
To appreciate each and every moment..
To look for it. to not leave a stone unturned. to explore the vast world outside of you. and the infinity inside of you. To share and accept what others are willing to share..
We give life our own meanings. There isnt one common answer that most people will agree on. This isn’t a question to ask people on Reddit. it’s a question to ask yourself..
To get money and fucc bitches no cap.
Our only purpose is to coexist..
This.
42.
Life is objectively meaningless.  You can only give it your own arbitrary subjective meaning..
The meaning of life is just to be alive. It is so plain and so obvious and so simple. And yet. everybody rushes around in a great panic as if it were necessary to achieve something beyond themselves. 
There isn't one. we're all just existing. Eventually we die and our story ends. You give your own life meaning..
Whatever gets the best results for the next batch of lives..
To create plastic. 

Earth wanted it. couldn't make it by itself. Needs us..
42. from memory..
Every rose has its thorn
Just like every night has its dawn
Just like every cowboy sings his sad. sad song.
Life’s what you make of it. You’re the pen. life’s the paper. Simple as that. Make sure what you write counts. Or don’t. As I said: it’s what you make of it..
It depends on the person. For me. is the little things my dog does to show me he loves me. Like how excited he is to see me each time I get home..
To live it.
Ever read the book called The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy? Way better than the movie..
I didn't think that I would ever see something remotely intelligent on Reddit. Congratulations!.
yeah bud I'm aware of it..
The meaning of life is what you make of it

also donuts.
Eat. Drink. Excrete. Breed. Sleep. Repeat..
To die.
42.
I would've said love and intimacy but I'm not good enough for those so what's the point..
To get a bite to eat.
what i’ve learned is. what u do in life is temporary. But what u leave behind is forever be the good that’s left behind n enjoy this miserable cycle we call life..
To learn about all sorts of things and pass that knowledge down so that the world might be less miserable for those who come after us.
A small cottage where I was born. Really. just follow me.


A litle more ....
Worship God.
Don’t forget your towel & thanks for all the fish.
42.
To contribute to humanity and live your life the best you can..
Whatever you want it to be.
For me there is one rule. have fun. there are a lot of people who don't get the opportunity's that we get because of bad luck. so live life to the point that you want to wake up everyday..
Realistically. to suffer so that someone else can profit.
42.
To see how One Piece ends..
Ya mother.
life


Learn to pronounce

See definitions in:

All

Biology

Religion

Penal · Informal

Art

noun

1. 
the condition that distinguishes animals and plants from inorganic matter. including the capacity for growth. reproduction. functional activity. and continual change preceding death..
I figure it’s to learn to connect with people and think bigger.

Think of it this way. if you can’t get along with someone because of their race. how would you ever get in to Heaven where it’s supposed to last forever?.
According to the Bible. it's to praise gawd..
There is no set purpose. just enjoy your life while you can!.
Finding your individual meaning.
I’ve heard from several religions different things and from different people as well… all are pretty much the same but the most universal thing is that you were brought on to this planet by your god. the universe or just by chance. You are a one in a million even billion sperms from your fathers loins that impregnated your mother and caused you to become a human. So why not take that 1/1.000.000.000 chance and do the simplest thing. Live. Experience emotions. Find love in whatever form that maybe. Work on yourself. Love people. Because is there really any use in hating someone? They’re also just trying to live. So just live..
To exist and find things that make you enjoy it. Once you find it. you won’t want it to end and you’ll try to live it to the fullest..
42.
42.
42.
42.
42.
42.
42.
To give life a meaning.
Love.
A movie by Monty Python..
Whatever you make it..
Skate fast. eat ass. pet cats..
idk but those texas roadhouse rolls gotta be some element of it.
Disregard females. acquire currency.
Try not to die for as long as possible.
Dying a little every day.
0.00000000.
In the ultimate scheme of things? Existing. Just a steady flow of continuation. Life. death. rebirth. repeat.

For us. the individual? To find a corner of the world that we can manage and leave it better than when we first found it..
Trade slips of colored paper until you die.

Oh. and knock people up..
Live fast eat ass- Amelia Earhart.
be gay. do crimes.
Absolutely.
42.
Nothing.
Whatever you make it. 

People need to find meaning in their lives but it's not going to be the same for everyone. you have to find it for yourself..
To help others. That's where we find the most peace. and it's what sets up networks of folks being there for each other in both the good times and the bad..
To live..
We are one way the universe can think about itself - that’s enough for me.
Pizza.
Life has no intrinsic meaning. you give it meaning. whether its the way you affect others. or the way they affect you. or even how decide to go it alone..
There is none. but feel free to make one as you enjoy your stay on the mortal coil ..
I think happiness..
you won.
So one theory on this is Douglas Adams. being the nerd that he was. knew that the ascii code 42 was the asterisks which represented a wildcard in ascii and thus was anything you wanted or needed it to be. So the answer to Life. The Universe. And Everything is... whatever you want or need it to be..
42.
To raise and be part of a healthy family and community..
To pass down knowledge for the betterment of all sentient beings. I think most people additionally want to be remembered even in death. 

So a part of life is also to be acknowledged..
For me. is to experiment and progress with our lifes and the lifes of others.
to have experiences.
Whatever you make it out to be. It differs from person to person..
I have yet to be presented with a reason as to why I should believe there is an actual meaning to life. There's certainly nothing to suggest it is so..
To die in the end..
You’re alive it doesn’t mean anything else.
We are not meant to know the meaning of life..
If you’re happy. then live on; If you’re not. then don’t. It’s that simple really. There may be one thing keeping you here. but as soon as it’s gone what do you do?.
Sex. good food and nice views.
Love and enjoy my family. be a good educator. listen to and play lots of great music.
Better the world or help better the world.
To self-realize and. in correspondence. to self-actualize..
No idea where it came from or where it's going. but I don't think there's much meaning. Just gotta enjoy life while you have it. It's better than not existing at all. so I'll take it!.
No reason..
42.
There isn’t one.
Is the purpose of this whole post to out yourself as a mad scientist who experiments on humans?.
No. Just to experiece things and try to leave a mark on people who you meet.
There is none we just came to be by accident..
There is no meaning or grand plan. 

We aren’t starring in all our own movies..
Just be.
To feel love within yourself and if you have the space for it. spreading that love to others..
There is no extrincic meaning. Which means we can apply our own intrinsic meaning. Yay!.
To have fun as long as you dont hinder other's fun..
We got lucky..
Have fun make memories and don’t care about meaningless shit.
Work hard. start a family. teach your kids to live a happy or fulfilling life. die surrounded by people that you love..
for me probably experiencing everything that we can. like having a good time with our family friends or gf and probably some bouncy titties.
Live. die. repeat.
The struggle against entropy. And how we choose to engage in that struggle is ultimately up to the individual..
Hating each other.
